[CodeDriven] Migrate `Relative Humidity Measurement` cluster to code-driven implementation (#71424)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: src/app/clusters/relative-humidity-measurement-server/README.md

# Relative Humidity Measurement Cluster

This cluster uses the code-driven approach. The Ember attribute accessors for
`MeasuredValue`, `MinMeasuredValue`, `MaxMeasuredValue`, and `Tolerance` are no
longer available.

> 

Reviewer: Should also include info on instantiating the cluster directly in their application, instead of relying on CodegenIntegration.

Author: Done

## Setting a new humidity reading

### BEFORE (using Ember accessors)

```cpp
RelativeHumidityMeasurement::Attributes::MeasuredValue::Set(endpointId, newValue);
```

### NOW (code-driven)

```cpp
CHIP_ERROR err = RelativeHumidityMeasurement::SetMeasuredValue(endpointId,
                     DataModel::MakeNullable(uint16_t(newValue)));
if (err != CHIP_NO_ERROR)
{
    // handle error
}
```

## Configuring min/max range and tolerance

`MinMeasuredValue`, `MaxMeasuredValue`, and `Tolerance` are fixed hardware

> characteristics. They are configured once at startup via the `Config` struct and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MinMeasuredValue`, `MaxMeasuredValue`, and `Tolerance` are fixed attributes. They are configured once at startup via the `Config` struct and
```
